SO. You may have seen some previous submissions and notes of plea. To clarify, I was not aware that the assignment was due tonight, I had assumed it would be do yesterday night for some reason, rushed it in with an incomplete 3rd page, and then crashed in my bed until 12 today in regret. It wasn't until after shovelling that my awesome friend Tyler asked how the websites were going, and I said it was already due, and then the whole groupchat corrected me. THANK god for them, so after doing the dishes, I rushed downstairs to finalize the site and I now have a product I am proud of. 

THE FIRST PAGE

The front page I knew I wanted to feel like my first website, the blender website. I wanted to essentially remake it, but everything is better and more stylish, me-themed, and I feel I achieved that. Now, I had no idea what 'me-themed' meant, I didn't really have much of a style other than not too dark or sleek. I really found it when I played around with gradients, which I feel make anything look fancy! I achieved this really nice rainbow looking gradient and this academic red and blue that I kept throughout, and you could probably tell I became attached to the rainbow one as you'll see it scattered in the navigation, the images, etc. I feel the void/lightening white and splash of soft yet pleasing gallery of colours felt me, in a world so sleek and dark, I wanted to embrace this feeling which could get you cozy and happy, not relying too heavily on the feeling of being a child but still harnessing whimsical elements. Doesn't that sound like a lot of bulloney? It probably is.
 
Starting off, the front features a prism in the background (I made the render, it isn't much but hey I didn't steal it) and a title that fades in with my internet name, PRYSM. It's kinda my username, kinda my brand. I really wanted to make things feel smooth, soft or bright, like pastel carnage along with my favourite colour purple. You'll see this in the parallax gradients in the background, the fuzzy borders around the containers, and the gradient titles and purple text, it's at least pleasing to me. The gradients you see will be present throughout the website, and were mainly made for the second page. Moving down you'll have descriptions and images, all fading in with the AOS library, and when you reach the bottom, right before that funny footer (which will bring you to the top if you click it,) there's an image in the parallax container that showcases my best work - The Spire. I felt having something cool at the end of each page would be a nice idea, so the page is filled with characters, gradients, and then THIS SPOT is where the meat is. 

In terms of scaling and responsiveness, all the elements can be shortskipped to with tab, the flex boxes handle most of the work regarding adjusting content (I dislike the idea of repeatedly making new changes to media queries, seems so tedious, so I prefer a flexbox mentality so stuff easily aligns, adjusts, scales, etc.,) and images don't squish. I think it works! Testing it at all sizes (at least on my laptop,) everything looks proper, however I'm not entirely sure how a website like this would appear on a huge screen like the ones at school, but most of the design ideas had that stuff in mind so I'm sure it works.

THE SECOND PAGE

I had a hard time thinking of javascript implementation throughout the website, and while I had that smooth scroll to the top and the AOS, it wasn't enough. I was thinking: I don't think I'm a boring guy, I think I have a habit of trying to stand out, be unique, like an extrovert. So when I wanted to make a portfolio type website, I thought of the best - no, most fun way to present my 3D work. At this same instance in time, I have been addicted to card games, Balatro, pokemon, Inscryption, that sort of stuff, so I thought: What better way to spray my personality onto a portfolio than to 3D model a card pack with a shimmering shader, make a whole new set of css classes to add various animations for a game-like smoothness, make cards that perfectly fit any content using css, and make a lot of javascript I've never done before that heavily relies on the blend of css and animations to ensure animations and attributes work properly, so a combination of 2 things I am very inexperienced with, resulting in a fun trading-card-pack-opening simulation featuring my work with 2 packs to choose from!

This took most of the time. No doubt. To be honest, I had a hard time grasping both animations and javascript, as I found them daunting, and while this certainly was a headache, I am really glad with what I have here. I think it looks really nice, its smooth, fun, and interactive, I really achieved my goal there. Working with a huge array of text (probably with some spelling errors,) making sure it was all lined up, formatting images so that they aren't incredibly expensive in terms of memory (reducing resolution, filtering them through paid image compression tools...I guess that could be my image optimization? Also just making the images properly formatted took A LOT of time,) trying to find out why nothing was working half the time which lead me down so many forums to either discover some unknown rule of javascript or that I had made a descening if statement series that always set a value to zero (rookie mistake, I know,) I'd say it was a lot, even if the result is only a few seconds worth of presentation. Oh yeah, lemme explain what to do:

You pick a card pack by hovering over them (which will enlarge the pack and change the background,) and it pops up in front of you in this overlay. You can exit out with this X button on the right side, but if you want to open the pack, you'll have to click it 3 times, kinda like tearing it open or beating a pinata. Once done that, it'll rattle and shrink, then pop and fade out, revealing the card you got underneath! You can see the name of the character/scene, a tagline/credit (FULL DISCLAIMER: These characters are, if specified in credits, made by other people while I brought them to 3D. I am NOT showcasing my work designing characters, I am showcasing my ability to bring them into 3D. ALWAYS CREDIT ARTISTS!!!,) and a little alt/description (I in fact did not make another part of the function that replaces the alt, so you can consider for wahtever image that the description is the alt.) You can get 1 of 4 card types; common, rare, full art, and legendary, each will be pretty obvious which is which. There are 16 cards to discover in the creative series, and 10 in the IMD series! So enjoy the hunt for collecting them all! (I did not implement a system to tell if you have collected a card: You will simply get a lot of duplicates. But I find the randomization/odds to be pretty fair.)

THE THIRD PAGE

Now I don't have any wireframes because I didn't know anything else other than the cards. Any plan I put down on paper could have been way too ambitious for the time I had given myself, keywords, given myself, so I designed the pages as the project happened in order to make everything work. So, for the third page, I think I will make a gallery, plain and simple, so instead of hunting for all my work, you can just see it all. Lets see if I can get that done.

SO. This was what I mainly worked on during the last day. I spent a lot of time making the gradient drop shadows, fixing the nav, making the columns and images function while giving them all some alts, and improving the image viewer (and somehow fixing it, making it display all images at a good resolution no matter the scale or size of the image, and also restoring the fade-in functionality which I broke, AND also displaying the alt of any image clicked on so that if you want to find the person who owns the character, you could just check the alt.) Once again, flexboxes have come to my rescue to make the columns scale nicely at all resolutions, and now, tada, a gallery so you don't have to spend 30 minutes opening all the packs (though...if you want to, be my guest!) Also there's parallax at the bottom and its the Canadarm, I modeled it so dw.

I had a heart attack many times with this project, fighting javascript and CSS animations to comply and display things smoothly, fighting z-index and transitions, and fighting my own inability to focus. Despite all the tedious stuff, my mis-realization of the due date led to more work getting done and more breathing room to finalize things, and I leave this semester feeling much better about my progress. Final notes for you, thank you for being communicative, understanding, generous, and caring. Your concern towards the quality of the lectures, our resources, our education, we all appreciate it more than you know, and remember that we all talk about you well ("Oh yeah, all the algonquin teachers kinda ass and half of them are perverts, but Max is the goat, god bless for that extension" What they saying.) I had no interest in web-dev before this and was expecting to just 'do enough' to pass this course, but thanks to the opportunities you've given us, I can truly say this stuff was awesome and I'm really glad to have these skills, 10/10 would do again. Have a wonderful summer!